bylaws/inductions.md, before:

---
title: Tool Inductions
description: The tool inductions policy.
published: true
date: 2023-11-27T11:13:06.685Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-11-27T04:44:00.560Z
---

# Introduction
To maintain a safe operating environment, Brisbane Makerspace requires that members undertake training (called an induction) before they can use some tools. We use a 3 level traffic light system to indicate the different requirements. These are "Green Tool", "Yellow Tool", and "Red Tool".

# 1. Induction Requirements
1. Members are not allowed to operate a tool if they have not completed all induction requirements.

2. If a non-powered tool doesn't have a label on it or a wiki page, then it has been deemed very low risk and it doesn't require documentation or induction to use (for example, scissors).

3. If a powered tool doesn't have a label on it or a wiki page, then it must not be used without permission from the Head Maker as it may not be ready for service yet.

4. Someone who is authorised to induct someone on a tool includes anyone on this list:
		1. The Head Maker; or
    2. Someone authorised by the Head Maker; or
  	3. Someone authorised by the relevant Working Group in charge of that tool.
    
5. At least annually (typically after the AGM), the list of members authorised should be reviewed by each Working Group and the Head Maker.

# 2. Green Tool
1. These tools require no special induction as they have been deemed low risk. 
2. Members are allowed to use these tools without any special training requirements. It is still a requirement to read and understand its wiki page if it exists.

Examples include: scissors, the A4 printer, the computers, etc.

# 3. Yellow Tool
1. These tools have been deemed a medium risk, and a formal induction is required. To pass an induction, you must meet all induction requirements and be deemed competent by someone authorised to induct you.

2. Each Yellow Tool is different, so you should carefully read its wiki page to understand its induction requirements.

Examples include: the laser cutter, 3D printers, etc.

# 4. Red Tool
1. This is a high-risk tool. These tools have been deemed high risk, and a formal induction is required. To pass an induction, you must meet all induction requirements and be deemed competent by someone authorised to induct you.

2. Each Red Tool is different, so you should carefully read its wiki page to understand its induction requirements.

3. Red Tools have a higher competency level required to become inducted on, and require several supervised uses before you can be deemed competent.

Examples include: the resin 3D printers, most of the woodworking tools, etc.

Commit message:

Update inductions policy to clarify bringing your own tools

bylaws/inductions.md, after:

---
title: Tool Inductions
description: The tool inductions policy.
published: true
date: 2023-11-27T11:13:06.685Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-11-27T04:44:00.560Z
---

# Introduction
To maintain a safe operating environment, Brisbane Makerspace requires that members undertake training (called an induction) before they can use some tools. We use a 3 level traffic light system to indicate the different requirements. These are "Green Tool", "Yellow Tool", and "Red Tool".

# 1. Induction Requirements
1. Members are not allowed to operate a tool if they have not completed all induction requirements.

2. If a non-powered tool doesn't have a label on it or a wiki page, then it has been deemed very low risk and it doesn't require documentation or induction to use (for example, scissors).

3. If a powered tool doesn't have a label on it or a wiki page, then it must not be used without permission from the Head Maker as it may not be ready for service yet.

4. Someone who is authorised to induct someone on a tool includes anyone on this list:
		1. The Head Maker; or
    2. Someone authorised by the Head Maker; or
  	3. Someone authorised by the relevant Working Group in charge of that tool.
    
5. At least annually (typically after the AGM), the list of members authorised should be reviewed by each Working Group and the Head Maker.

6. Bringing your own tool to use is permitted but done so at your own risk. However, if it carries similar risks to tools that require an induction, you must be inducted to use it on site. Bringing your own tool is not a way to bypass our induction requirements.
	1. The following low risk tools are excluded, and members may use them without induction if they bring their own:
 		1. 3D printers;
   		2. Unpowered hand tools;
   		3. Anything else approved by the relevant working group or Head Maker.


# 2. Green Tool
1. These tools require no special induction as they have been deemed low risk. 
2. Members are allowed to use these tools without any special training requirements. It is still a requirement to read and understand its wiki page if it exists.

Examples include: scissors, the A4 printer, the computers, etc.

# 3. Yellow Tool
1. These tools have been deemed a medium risk, and a formal induction is required. To pass an induction, you must meet all induction requirements and be deemed competent by someone authorised to induct you.

2. Each Yellow Tool is different, so you should carefully read its wiki page to understand its induction requirements.

Examples include: the laser cutter, 3D printers, etc.

# 4. Red Tool
1. This is a high-risk tool. These tools have been deemed high risk, and a formal induction is required. To pass an induction, you must meet all induction requirements and be deemed competent by someone authorised to induct you.

2. Each Red Tool is different, so you should carefully read its wiki page to understand its induction requirements.

3. Red Tools have a higher competency level required to become inducted on, and require several supervised uses before you can be deemed competent.

Examples include: the resin 3D printers, most of the woodworking tools, etc.
