tools/electronics/multimeters.md, before:

---
title: Digital Multimeters
description: Learn about our digital multimeters.
published: true
date: 2021-09-07T14:08:36.372Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2021-09-07T13:27:40.179Z
---

# Introduction
Our digital multimeters are great for general testing and troubleshooting of your electronic circuits.

![multimeter.png](/electronics/multimeter.png =x300)
*A picture of our digital multimeters*

# Recommended Uses
These are great for general purpose testing and troubleshooting of your electronic circuits as they can measure voltage, resistance, continuity, etc.

# Specifications
**Induction Class:** Green Tool (No Induction Required)
**Model:** UNI-T UT136A
**Max Voltage:** 500v
**Max Current:** 10A
**Max Resistance:** 40MOhm
**Frequency:** 10Hz to 10MHz
**Measures:** Voltage, Current, Resistance, Diodes, Frequency, Continuity

# Induction Process
No induction required.

However, we do offer an electronics workshop for a complete introduction to electronics, including digital multimeters.
https://brisbanemaker.space/workshops/

# How To Operate
You should be familiar with how to operate this tool after completing an induction. However, a quick reference guide is included below to assist you.

> Note: never play with electricity unless you know what you are doing. Even at low voltages you can still receive a shock! Never measure mains voltages unless you are a qualified electrician.
{.is-warning}

## Before Use
1. Insert the cables into the common, and voltage, current (< 400mA) or current (400mA - 10A) connectors.
> Do not measure voltage with the probes inserted into the current holes, or current with the probes inserted into the voltage hole. Doing so will damage the multimeter.
{.is-warning}
2. Turn the meter on to the correct setting.
3. Push the probes onto the thing you want to measure.

## During Use
1. Do not push too hard, but a solid connection is required for an accurate reading.

## After Use
1. Turn off, then wrap cables around the multimeter and return to it's home.

Commit message:

docs: update tools/electronics/multimeters

tools/electronics/multimeters.md, after:

---
title: Digital Multimeters
description: Learn about our digital multimeters.
published: true
date: 2023-08-22T03:55:51.836Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2021-09-07T13:27:40.179Z
---

# Introduction
Our digital multimeters are great for general testing and troubleshooting of your electronic circuits.

![multimeter.png](/electronics/multimeter.png =x300)
*A picture of our digital multimeters*

# Recommended Uses
These are great for general purpose testing and troubleshooting of your electronic circuits as they can measure voltage, resistance, continuity, etc.

# Specifications
**Induction Class:** 🟢 Green Tool (No Induction Required)
**Model:** UNI-T UT136A
**Max Voltage:** 500v
**Max Current:** 10A
**Max Resistance:** 40MOhm
**Frequency:** 10Hz to 10MHz
**Measures:** Voltage, Current, Resistance, Diodes, Frequency, Continuity

# Induction Process
🟢 This tool does not require an induction to use. If you'd like some help operating this for the first time, feel free to book an appointment for an induction.

To book an **optional** induction for this tool, please use the "book appointment" link from the [member portal](https://portal.brisbanemaker.space).

# How To Operate
You should be familiar with how to operate this tool after completing an induction. However, a quick reference guide is included below to assist you.

> Note: never play with electricity unless you know what you are doing. Even at low voltages you can still receive a shock! Never measure mains voltages unless you are a qualified electrician.
{.is-warning}

## Before Use
1. Insert the cables into the common, and voltage, current (< 400mA) or current (400mA - 10A) connectors.
> Do not measure voltage with the probes inserted into the current holes, or current with the probes inserted into the voltage hole. Doing so will damage the multimeter.
{.is-warning}
2. Turn the meter on to the correct setting.
3. Push the probes onto the thing you want to measure.

## During Use
1. Do not push too hard, but a solid connection is required for an accurate reading.

## After Use
1. Turn off, then wrap cables around the multimeter and return to it's home.
