---
title: 4th General Meeting - 11th December 2023
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-12-12T11:42:29.107Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-12-11T10:27:57.393Z
---

# 4th General Meeting

## Summary
**Date:** 11th Dec 2023
**Time:** 8pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Adam Jacobus
- Brendan Halliday
- Emily Taylor
- Jaimyn Mayer
- James Dawson (Jedd)
- Zachary Forrester (Zac)

### Visitors

N/A

## Agenda

1. Acknowledgement of Country
2. Safe Space Affirmation
3. Previous Meeting Minutes

**Motion: Jaimyn to accept the previous meeting minutes, seconded by Zac. Carried with consensus**

4. President’s Report
    - Year in Review from newsletter
5. Treasurer’s Report
    - No access yet, will go in with named account holders on Friday
    - Hopes to setup Xero in the new year.
6. Secretary’s Report
    - Submitting information to insurance companies to get quotes for Public Liability and Contents Insurance
7. Head Maker’s Report
    - Same as President's report

**Motion: Jaimyn to accept committee reports, seconded by Brendan. Carried with consensus**

8. Lifetime Membership for Jaimyn Mayer

**Motion: Brendan to reduce the requirement for lifetime memebership eligibility for Jaimyn, seconded by Jedd. Carried with consensus**

**Motion: Brendan to grant lifetime membership status to Jaimyn, seconded by Jedd. Carried with consensus**

9. General Business
    - Jaimyn: Christmas Event this Saturday
      - Please come along and enjoy a holiday-themed gathering with your fellow members.
      - We encourage you to bring a plate of festive treats for others to enjoy.
    - Jaimyn: Vending machines update
      - Issues with money vend signal, getting a different opto-isolator board to try and rectify this
      - Drinks vending machine is quite popular at the moment, we need to start charging for the drinks otherwise we will be incurring a loss on it this month.
    - Adam: Fire warden training for committee members
      - This is useful training offered by the landlord every 6 months as part of the fire safety compliance strategy for the building.
      - It would be beneficial for all committee members to be trained on how to act as a fire warden during emergencies.
      - Next training will be happening next year, Secretary will send an invite to committee members when training is next scheduled.
    - Adam: Discussion on how we can improve the experience of receiving infractions for members.
      - Adam recommends to write a document availible on the wiki that outlines what a member can do when they receive an infraction. It should explain what to expect in an infraction notice, what methods for repeal and remediation are available, and what obligations a member must undertake when receiving an infraction.
      - Secretary to draft this document for next year.

Meeting adjourned at 8:58 pm.