---
title: 6th General Meeting - 19 Feb 2024
description: 
published: false
date: 2024-02-19T09:49:17.913Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-02-19T09:49:17.913Z
---

# 6th General Meeting - 19th Feb 2024
## Summary
**Date:** 19/02/2024 
**Time:** 8pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn
**Minute Taker:** Adam
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members



### Visitors


## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

**Motion: The minutes of the (N-1)th General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by X. Motion seconded by Y. Motion failed/carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s Report

**Motion: The President's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by X. Motion seconded by Y. Motion failed/carried with consensus.**

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

**Motion: The Tresurer's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by X. Motion seconded by Y. Motion failed/carried with consensus.**

### 6. Secretary’s Report

**Motion: The Secretary's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by X. Motion seconded by Y. Motion failed/carried with consensus.**

### 7. Head Maker’s Report

**Motion: The Head Maker's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by X. Motion seconded by Y. Motion failed/carried with consensus.**

Meeting adjourned at X pm.