---
title: 6th General Meeting - 5th Feb 2024
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-02-19T09:54:47.764Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-02-05T04:39:06.364Z
---

# 6th General Meeting - 5 Feb 2024
## Summary
**Date:** 5th Feb 2024 
**Time:** 8:03pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Adam Jacobus
- Brendan Halliday
- Zak Forrester
- Emily Taylor
- Jaimyn Mayer

### Visitors

N/A

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

**Motion: The minutes of the 5th General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s/Head Maker's Report

**Motion: The President's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Zak Forrester. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- Stripe payout
- Emily and Brendan's venue hire cost
- Reimbursement of the sewing machine
- Reimbursement of woodshop's WG discretionary budget
- Still in the red
- Trial of ZipBooks as a replacement for Xero

**Motion: The Treasurer's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- No correspondences out.
- Received email from Office of Fair Trading about changes

**Motion: The Secretary's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Zak Forrester. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 7. Crafting Working Group

**Motion: The Crafting working group is established. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

- [ ] Secretary to add working group details to page in the wiki

### 8. Donation of Lathe and Bench

**Motion: The donation of the lathe and bench is accepted by the association. Motion raised by Zak Forrester. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

- [ ] Treasurer to send Bobby a thank you note

### 9. Loan of Laser Cutter and Vinyl Cutter from Dan Hanson

- Loaned equipment be stored downstairs until the 29th Feburary.

**Motion: The association begins the process of drawing up a Memorandum of Understanding between Dan Hanson and BMS regarding loan of the laser cutter. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Zak Forrester. Motion carried with consensus.**

**Motion: The association does not accept the loan of the vinyl cutter. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 10. Donation of Soldering Tools

- [ ] Treasurer to send thank you note to Brendan Halliday

### 11. Issues without Notice

- [ ] Secretary to add standing agenda item for thanks
- [ ] Secretary to send email reminding members that the space will be closed for Brendan and Emily's wedding. Emails will be sent 6th, a week before, the night before.

Meeting adjourned at 8:46 pm.