---
title: 11th General Meeting - 6th May 2024
description: 
published: false
date: 2024-05-06T10:25:31.812Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-05-06T10:09:03.676Z
---

# 11th General Meeting - 6th May 2024
## Summary
**Date:** 06/05/2024 
**Time:** 8:12pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Brendan Halliday
- Emily Taylor
- Adam Jacobus
- Katarina Criticos
- Jaimyn Mayer

### Visitors

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

**Motion: The minutes of the 10th General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s Report

- Kat has joined with a volunteer agreement
- Tried to submit application for grant for Gambling Public Benefit Fund, technical issues with submission website prevented the submission. Organising body has been notified that a draft application has been submitted.

**Motion: The Tresurer's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- Bunnings PowerPass card has been granted, no credit so only useful for ordering.

**Motion: The Tresurer's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- N/A

**Motion: The Tresurer's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 7. Head Maker’s Report

- See president's report

**Motion: The Tresurer's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 8. Vending Machine Budget

- Soft drinks have been restocked, these expenditures need to be covered by the association. Total was $150.

**Motion: That the last two lots of expenditure to restock our drinks vending machine (/ temporary fridge) is ratified. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

- The head maker shoudld have a budget for vending machine supplies. This may include snacks/items for the snack machine, chocolate powder, covfefe, stirring sticks, minor repairs etc.

**Motion: That the committee, infrastructure committee, and head maker have a budget of up to $200/mth to buy vending machine related consumables at their discretion. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 9. Issues Without Notice

- Social Media Updates by Kat
	- Instagram reach is expanding, 20 new followers, 600 impressions in the last month.
- Cleaner Access
  - Cleaner needs a swipe card to make access smoother, Brendan will handle creating the access account in the portal.

Meeting adjourned at 8:24 pm.