---
title: 9th General Meeting - 8th April 2024
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-04-08T10:47:32.907Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-04-08T10:37:51.206Z
---

# 9th General Meeting - 8th Apr 2024
## Summary
**Date:** 08/04/2024 
**Time:** 8:03pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Adam Jacobus
- Jaimyn Mayer
- Emily Taylor
- Brendan Halliday
- Jesse Dawson
- Zac Forrester (Proxy by Brendan Halliday)

### Visitors

- Anna Kucharski

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

**Motion: The minutes of the 8th General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s Report

- No major updates, all things on track.
- Woodworking shop on track.
- Charity status accepted, DGR status to come.

**Motion: The President's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Jesse Dawson. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- Nothing major, doing reimbursements.

**Motion: The Tresurer's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Jesse Dawson. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- Focussed on getting Public Liability Insurance, looked at AMSA but premium is more expensive than current. Going to contact Gallagher next.

**Motion: The Secretary's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Jesse Dawson. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 7. Head Maker’s Report

- No report

### 8. Regular Monthly Cleaning Services

- Using Alex, the cleaner from Jim's Cleaning who cleaned after the wedding event
- Setup a $150 non-accuring budget for this.

**Motion: Allocate a monthly $150 non-recurring cleaning budget to spend on cleaning services and equipment/products. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Adam Jacobus. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 9. Budget for Laser Cutting Products

**Motion: $160 budget to buy 2x spare laser lens & restock our LED lamp bases/cleaning wipes for the laser cut lamp workshop (22x bases). Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried by consensus.**

**Motion: $105 budget to buy 3x 4.5mm acrylic sheets for LED lamp workshops + a few clear 3mm sheets for members to buy. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 10. Budget for Fish Food

**Motion: A budget of $100/quarter, non accruing, to buy more fish food for our fishies. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 11. Budget for Dremel Kits

**Motion: $40 budget to buy two of these accessory kits for our little dremel upstairs. If we find the dremel gets more use we can invest in better bits for specific purposes but these should keep us covered for a while. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Jesse Dawson. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 12. Issues without Notice

- Adam Jacobus: Thinking about investing the time to setup a Cricut workshop for Class Bento. Basic workshop with Cricut branded materials, vinyl stickers or greeting cards.
- Jaimny Mayer: Brought a button maker for a potential future workshop.
- Jesse Dawson: Carveco is limited for CNC milling, considering moving to Easel Pro by Instructable.
  - Will be a motion at the next meeting.

Meeting adjourned at 8:43 pm.