---
title: 5th General Meeting 22 Jan 2024
description: 
published: false
date: 2024-02-05T01:43:41.413Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-01-29T01:23:26.395Z
---

# 5th General Meeting 22 Jan 2024
## Summary
**Date:** 22/01/2024 
**Time:** 8pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn
**Minute Taker:** Adam
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Brendan Halliday
- Jaimyn Mayer
- Adam Jacobus
- Zak Forrester
- Jesse Dawson (Jedd)
- Emily Taylor

### Visitors

N/A

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation

### 3. Acceptance of Previous Meeting Minutes

**Motion: Adam moved that the committee accepts the meeting minutes of the 4th General Meeting as true and accurate. Seconded by Brendan, carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s Report

- Account transfer from Jaimyn to the assciation is continuing.
- Charity status is still pending, have received word from the ACNC that they are still processing a large volume of registrations
- Google NFP workspace is still waiting on the charity registration
- Currently at 51 paying members
- Contents of the President's report will be standardised soon, including information like current membership numbers.

**Motion: Jaimyn moves that the President's Report be accepted. Seconded by Brendan, carried with consensus**

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- While the organisation is transitioning payments over to the new accounts, our cash position is more than what's reported in our bank account.
- Expenditures this month:
	- Refurbishment of the Brother NS50 sewing machine
  - End mills for the CNC induction
  - Electricity bill for last two months
- Waiting for DGR status before using Xero, as they will keep charging for usage.

**Motion: Jaimyn moves that the Treasurer's report be accepted. Seconded by Emily, carried with consensus**

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- NBN Co. has let use know that they will be carrying out a free upgrade to our FTTC to bring the Fibre to the Premise. Scheduled for this week, unfortunately they have let use know that additional work will be required, so that has been delayed until March.
- Electricity bill was sent to us, forwarded to Treasurer to pay.
- Sent an email to the building manager to alert them to the leaking trade sewer behind the building. Building manager has responded saying that they have called a plumber out to fix the issue.
- A member has asked if they can bring in external tools to the space and use them. The committee has responded letting them know that bringing in external tools in done at their own risk and they must be inducted into the same or simiular tool in the space.
- Infraction notice has been sent to Giselle. No response yet.
- Andrew has been emailed about formalising the coworking arrangement and his storage options. He has responded and the committee will be meeting to draft a response to him.
- Received an email from Phil, a member who wishes to act as a cleaner for the space in exchange for access to the Working Members membership rate. Committee will be looking into how we can support this.
  
**Motion: Jaimyn moves that the Secretary's report is accepted. Seconded by Jedd, carried with concensus**

### 7. Head Maker’s Report

See President's report

### 8. Venue Hire for Brendan and Emily's Wedding

- Brendan and Emily have requested to book the upstairs space for their wedding
- Hire cost is $800 for the day, plus cleaning services
- Jaimyn will on-site during the event on behalf of the association
- A reminder will be sent to members beforehand that the space will be closed on the day.

**Motion: Jaimyn moves that Brendan and Emily to have exclusive access to BMS for their wedding. Seconded by Adam, carried with consensus (Brendan and Emily have abstained from voting on this motion)**

### 9. Amendment of tools policy to address using external tools

- We had a member ask about bringing their own tools on-site to use, something which the current policy doesn't speak on.
- New policy includes a section about the use of externally sourced tools on-site (see the policy document for the wording of this section)

**Motion: Jaimyn moves that the amendments to the tools policy are accepted. Seconded by Brendan, carried with consensus.**

### 10. Woodshop Activation Progress Update

- Zak and several other members have been doing an amazing job getting the woodshop closer to being ready.
- Induction materials are currently in draft form and very close to being ready.

### 11. Updates to Fee Schedule

- There are several updates to the fee schedule, the biggest one being the addition of the Working Members membership plan.
- The Working Members membership plan is equivalent to the Maker Plus plan, but is offered for $0 to members that meet the eligibility requirements:
  - Eligible for the concession discount
  - Show evidence of potential financial hardship if asked to pay for the membership
  - Sign a volunteer agreement and meet its requirements
- The eligibility requirements for concession discounts has been updated to include concession card holders and members who receive financial assistance payments from the Australian government.
- The prices of each plan has been updated to reflect the current prices charged.
- The Coworker Plus plan has been updated to list the fees for storage and the storage limits.

### 12. Adoption of Working Groups policy
### 13. Creation of Woodshop and Infrastructure working groups
### 14. General Business

Meeting adjourned at 9:21 pm.