---
title: 17th General Meeting - 18th Nov 2024
description: 
published: false
date: 2024-12-18T10:16:05.916Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-11-04T09:46:38.494Z
---

# 17th General Meeting - 16th Dec 2024
## Summary
**Date:** 16/12/2024 
**Time:** 8pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Adam Jacobus
- Jaimyn Mayer
- Emily Taylor
- Brendan Halliday
- Scott Wilson
- Anna Kucharski

### Visitors

N/A

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

**Motion: The minutes of the 16th General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Scott Wilson. Motion failed/carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s Report

- Membership numbers are up this month, 12 month numbers have been more consistent.

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- Membership fees are smoothing, slight dips in our monthly income.

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- Amendment of association rules was submitted and approved by the Office of Fair Trading.
- When the amendment was approved, the officer at the OFT indictaed that we might be missing a financial declaration.
- ACNC Annual Information Statement is due 31st Jan 2025, I've already begun the process of filling out the statement.

### 7. Head Maker’s Report

- See President's Report

**Motion: The Committee Member Reports are accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion failed/carried with consensus.**

### 8. General Insurance Budget

- $300 per month for PLI and executive insurance.
- Need to get another quote for further coverage.

**Motion: Approve a budget of up $300/mth for general insurance for the organisation. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with concensus.**

### 9. iMac Transfer of Ownership

- Transfer ownership of the iMacs and related accessories to the association entity.
- Request for an itemised list of computers and accessories

**Motion: Buy both of the working iMacs and the Apple accessories off Jaimyn for $400 total. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Scott Wilson. Motion carried with concensus.**

### 10. Updates to storage policy for sheet materials

- Noticed more sheet materials being stored outside of member storage ections, wanted to update the storage policy to explicitly allow the storage of this form of material in particular locations.

**Motion: Update the storage policy to allow the storage of sheet materials. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried by concensus**

### 11. Thank you

- Anna: Thank you to Jaimyn for setting up the Christmas tree

### 11. Issues without Notice

- N/A

Meeting adjourned at 8:30 pm.