---
title: 10th General Meeting - 15th Apr
description: 
published: false
date: 2024-04-15T10:23:05.907Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-04-15T10:23:05.907Z
---

# 10th General Meeting - 15th Apr 2024
## Summary
**Date:** 15/04/2024 
**Time:** 8:03pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Emily Taylor
- Brendan Halliday
- Jaimyn Mayer
- Zac Forrester
- Adam Jacobus
- Jesse Dawson (Jedd)
- Katarina Criticos

### Visitors

- N/A

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

**Motion: The minutes of the 9th General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s Report

- We have a badge maker now available in the space. Badge supplies to make pin badges and fridge magnets.
- DGR status application is still processing, the ATO estimates that the application will be considered in about a month.

**Motion: The President's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Zac Forrester. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- Still chasing payment details for a reimbursement request.

**Motion: The Treasurer's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Zac Forrester. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- N/A

**Motion: The Secretary's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Zac Forrester. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 7. Head Maker’s Report

- N/A

**Motion: The Head Maker's Report is accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Zac Forrester. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 8. Issues without Notice

- Negotiations over new lease for 146 Wickham St
  - Draft terms received from the property agent.
  - $35,000 + GST pa. for 2 years (Mar 2026), without Jaimyn Mayer as a guarantor, 3% rent increase per year.
  - Equivalent to a $200 per month increase of rent.
  - Increase of the security deposit by $3,943 (total of $9,625).
  - Security deposit will be topped up over 3 months.
  
**Motion: The committee empowers Jaimyn Mayer to sign a new lease for 146 Wickham St, Fortitude Valley with the terms above. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday.**

Meeting adjourned at 8:21 pm.