---
title: 12th General Meeting - 3rd June 2024
description: 
published: false
date: 2024-06-03T10:53:03.126Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-06-03T10:11:37.421Z
---

# 12th General Meeting - 3rd Jun 2024
## Summary
**Date:** 03/06/2024 
**Time:** 8:11pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Jesse (Jedd) Dawson
- Emily Taylor
- Brendan Halliday
- Jaimyn Mayer
- Adam Jacobus
- Alyssa Nerney
- Zoe Atterbury

### Visitors

- Alberto Gordillo

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation

> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

**Motion: The minutes of the 11th General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s Report

- Some new members, some members cancelled, net no movement.
- Created some metrics and graphs to show membership numbers.
- Gambling Benefit Fund grant was submitted.

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- Switch from ZipBooks to Xero for accounting, ZipBooks was charging more than
- First rent payment with new agreement made.

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- Nothing to report

### 7. Head Maker’s Report

- See President's Report

**Motion: The Committee Member Reports are accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Jesse Dawson. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 8. Membership Fees Review

- Inflation and new expenses have increased since last review.
- Should these changes apply to current or new members.
- Potential new prices

> Maker Lite (non-commercial)
> Fee (concession): n/a
> Fee: $45/mth
> 
> Maker Plus (limited-commercial)
> Fee (concession): $39/mth
> Fee: $65/mth

- Need to look at a better method for Membership Fees Review to give members notice and when changes come into effect.
- Also need to think about how we can keep expenses down to avoid membership fee increases.
- Dicussion thread will be started for future fees reviews and further revenue raising opportunities.

**Motion: That membership fees are increased in line with the suggested amount above. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 9. Woodshop Working Bee

- The goal is to finalise the induction materials we have and get them into a format so we can start running inductions! We’ll also need to do some printing/laminating and general tidy up of the woodshop area too.

### 10. Issues without Notice

- Jedd: Routers have jammed collets. So we have no working plunge routers. Something to look at with the working bee.
- Alberto: Wants to donate some business surface tablets with a pen and keyboard.

### 11. Appreciation 

- Jaimyn: Thanks Alberto for donating the tablets
- Zoe: Thanks Scoot for birthday cake and Kat for brining in donuts.

Meeting adjourned at 8:52 pm.