---
title: 14th General Meeting - 14th July 2024
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-10-07T09:55:10.203Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-07-01T08:12:48.484Z
---

# 14th General Meeting - 14th Jul 2024
## Summary
**Date:** 14/07/2024 
**Time:** 8:05pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Jaimyn Mayer
- Adam Jacobus
- Jesse "Jedd" Dawson
- Zac Forrester
- Brendan Halliday
- Zoe Atterbury
- Scott Willson

### Visitors


## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

**Motion: The minutes of the 13th General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Zac Forrester. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s Report

- Membership stats are now available to all members in the membership portal. Also shows subscriptions and spacebucks data.

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- Subscriptions are stagnant at the moment due to economic climate
- Received a gift of $3000 from Jaimyn's employers

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- Yay we have DGR, received the confirmation letter and the ABN lookup reflects our status
- Finally going to look at PLI and other insurances now that I have some free time coming up.

### 7. Head Maker’s Report

- See President's report.

**Motion: The Committee Members' Reports are accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Jesse Dawson. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 8. Draft Donations and Loans Policy

- Guidelines for accepting donations and for BMS receiving equipment on loan. See the donations and loans policy

**Motion: The organization accepts the draft policy. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Zac Forrester. Motion carrried with consensus.**

### 9. Carpark Barriers and Wet Floor Sign

- Will be testing the proposed parking latch to ensure it doesn't damage vehicles and can be integrated into the membership portal.

**Motion: Buy two carpark barriers and a floor wet sign. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Zac Forrester. Motion carried by concensus.**

### 10. Issues Without Notice

- N/A

### 11. Graditude Corner

- Adam: Thank you Jaimyn Mayer for getting the snack vending machine working
- Zac: Thank you Jaimyn for looking at Zac's bike
- Jaimyn: Thank you Zac for attempting to clean the resin printer
- Scott: Thank you Zac for maintaining the fish tank.
- Jaimyn: Thank you Brendan for setting up the smart home meeting.

Meeting adjourned at 8:59 pm.