---
title: 16th General Meeting - 7th Oct 2024
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-10-07T10:43:50.254Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-10-07T06:29:17.562Z
---

# 16th General Meeting - 7th Oct 2024
## Summary
**Date:** 07/10/2024 
**Time:** 8pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees

### Members

- Emily Taylor
- Brendan Halliday
- Jesse "Jedd" Dawson
- Garry Giomarelli
- Jaimyn Mayer
- Adam Jacobus

### Visitors

- Anhad Ahuja

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

**Motion: The minutes of the 15th General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Y. Motion failed/carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s Report

- Above 60 members now, >6 mths still around 50, >12 mths trending upwards.
- Slight increase of subscription cancellations, but trending upwards as of today.
- Head maker is busy with outside commitments for the rest of this month.
- Lord Mayor's Gambling Benefit grant application rejected due to lack of funds.

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- Closer to being in the black, fewer donations from Jaimyn required to meet liabilities.
- Still looking into PLI.

### 6. Secretary’s Report

* Received notice that our business name registration is due for renewal by the 26th October
* Steph Piper has forwarded us a letter addressed to Cr Ryan Murphy about the closure of the Carindale Makerspace.
* Canva has let us know that we have free access to the Affinity suite as a non-profit.
* ACNC has opened the AIS Hub for created the Annual Information Statement. I will be starting the process soon, and will ask committee members to provide details over the next few months.


### 7. Head Maker’s Report

- See President's report

**Motion: The Committee Member's Reports are accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 8. Purchase of a Water Filter for the Air line of the Laser Cutter

- Buy a decent water filter for the laser cutter so we can stop blowing through lenses so frequently. The cyclonic style ones that spin the water out seem most suitable - don’t really want one with a filter cartridge unless it can be re-used.

**Motion: The Head Maker investigate and purchase an appropriate water filter with a budget of $350. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 9. Changes to Section 5(2)(4) of the Constitution

- Change the words "6 months" to "3 months" in section 5(2)(4)(1), and remove section 5(2)(4)(2) as below

> 4. must meet the following requirements:
>     1. held membership of the association for at least ~~6 months~~3 months; and
>     2. ~~requires a motion to be passed at an executive or general meeting supporting the application to become a Volunteer Member; and~~
>     3. have in place a signed volunteer agreement committing to perform certain volunteer task(s).

- This means the only requirement would be to have a signed volunteer agreement in place. We can create another policy to manage this or add extra requirements if we like, after the constitution is changed.

**Special Resolution: The association accepts the above amendments to the association's rules. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 10. Issues Without Notice

- Brendan: Brisbane Library makerspace is being shutdown as well.

### 11. Graditudes

- Adam: Jaimyn for buying the Bambu 3D printers.
- Jaimyn: Garry for putting the bin out.

Meeting adjourned at 8:43 pm.