---
title: 8th General Meeting - 4th March 2024
description: 
published: false
date: 2024-03-04T11:03:06.974Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-03-04T10:09:25.401Z
---

# 8th General Meeting - 4th Mar 2024
## Summary
**Date:** 04/03/2024 
**Time:** 8pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Adam Jacobus
- Jaimyn Mayer
- Brendan Halliday
- Emily Taylor
- Zac Forrester
- Jesse Dawson (Jedd)
- Anna
- Thomas
- Garry

### Visitors



## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

**Motion: The minutes of the 7th General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s Report

- Charity Register application is now progressing, we are almost close to having our application accepted.

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- Stripe payments are increasing, more cashflow.
- Woodshop used $67.45 of discretionary budget last month. That budget has now reset.

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- Mostly correspondence with the ACNC's Law Analyst to figure out the changes needed to be made to the constitution.
- Some people asking about joining the space, and about visiting the space as carers.

### 7. Head Maker’s Report

- See President's report.

**Motion: The Committee Member's Reports are accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Zac Forrester. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 8. Updates to the Storage Policy

- Update Sub-item 1 of Item 1. Storage Locations to allow working group policies to override the general Storage policy.
- Update name of Item 2. Member Storage Shelves to Storage in Member Storage Shelves
- Update Sub-item 3 of Item 2. Storage in Member Storage Shelves to more exactly specify how items can be stored in member storage to ensure safe and fair usage of the storage area.
- Add Item 2A. Storage in Member Private Desks / Private Shelves to explicitly define what is allowed to be stored on private member storage, where such storage is allowed by appropriate membership level.

**Motion: Accept the discussed updates to the Storage Policy. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Jesse Dawson, Motion carried with consensus.**

### 9. Updates to the Safety Policy

- Update the grammar of Sub-item 2. in Item 3. Drugs and Alcohol around appropriate blood alcohol levels.
- Add Sub-item 3. to Item 3. Drugs and Alcohol to prohibit the storage and consumption of alcohol int he space outside of social events that are permitted by the committee. The committee can put reasonable conditions on the consumption of alcohol during social events.
- Add Sub-item 2 to Item 7. Tidy Workspaces prohibiting members from blocking doorways and exits, either temporarily or permanently.
- Improve the grammer of Item 9. Explosive & Flammables Goods Storage.
- Update Item 9. Explosive & Flammables Goods Storage to add limits to the number of batteries that are allowed to be stored on-site.

**Motion: Accept the discussed updates to the Safety Policy. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Zac Forrester, Motion carried with consensus.**

### 10. Purchase Order for 3D Printer Filament

- We are running out of good, standard PLA filament.

**Motion: Approving a once off budget of $205 to replenish our filament stock as it’s running low. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday, Motion carried with consensus.**

**Motion: Allocation of $300/quarter ongoing, non-accruing budget for the head maker (or the digital fabrication working group once formed) to replace the 3D printer consumables whenever it runs low. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Adam Jacobus, Motion carried with consensus.**

### 11. Discretionary Budget for Committee

- This may be used at the discretion of any two committee members to purchase items or reimburse reasonable expenses.

**Motion: The committee are empowered with a $100/mth non accumulating budget for discretionary purchases. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Jesse Dawson, Motion carried with consensus.**

### 12. Amendments to Consitution for Charity and DGR status

- Section 3 is replaced with:

> **Objects**
> 
> The primary objective of the association is to advance mental health and advancing social or public welfare of the community by operating a physical space to combat social isolation and to provide:
> a safe space for marginalised members of the community who are at risk of health issues arising from loneliness and isolation; and
> support to individuals to work on projects or undertake other activities in the company of others at that location for the purposes of combating loneliness and social isolation.
> The secondary objective of the association is to undertake supporting activities on an as-needed basis to ensure the association remains sustainable and the primary objective can be fulfilled. Examples include, but are not limited to fundraising activities, community outreach activities, etc.

- Section 49 (our current DGR revocation clause) is replaced with the following:

> **Use of income and assets**
> 
> The assets and income of the organisation shall be applied solely to further its objects and no portion shall be distributed directly or indirectly to the members of the organisation except as genuine compensation for services rendered or expenses incurred on behalf of the organisation.

- Section 50 is added with the following:

> **Revocation of deductible gift recipient status**
> 
> If the organisation is wound up or its endorsement as a deductible gift recipient is revoked (whichever occurs first), any surplus of the following assets shall be transferred to another organisation with similar objects, and which is charitable at law, to which income tax deductible gifts can be made:
> gifts of money or property for the principal purpose of the organisation
> contributions made in relation to an eligible fundraising event held for the principal purpose of the organisation.
> money received by the organisation because of such gifts and contributions.

**Motion: The discussed amendments to the constitution are made. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor, Motion carried with consensus. (100% For, 0% Against)**

### 13. Lease Renewal for 146 Wickham St

- Our current lease expires on 31st March and we need to renew it asap. The lease renewal negotiations haven’t been finalised yet, but I’d like to raise this motion in advance due to the time constraints.

**Motion: That the organisation empowers Jaimyn to negotiate with the landlord and enter into a new lease agreement for 146 Wickham St, Fortitude Valley, as long as the lease conditions aren’t substantially different and the rent increase is less than or equal to 8%. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Zac Forrester, Motion carried with consensus.**

### 14. Discussion about CNC Inductions

- CNC inductions at $5/hour to be used to upgrade the machine as necessary
- CNC usage of $10/hour.
- Head Caretaker/Tool Inductor (Jedd) to have access to use the Machine free of charge due to time spent on upkeep and fixing the machine.
- These changes would help establish competency for members, bring funds to the Woodshop working group.

**Motion: That the comittee supports the establishment of a Woodshop WG policy that sets the maximum usage time for the CNC machine to 2 hours. Motion raised by Jesse Dawson. Motion seconded by Zac Forrester, Motion carried with consensus.**

### 15. Thanks and Appreciation

- Emily: Thanks Adam for jump-starting my car when it ran out of battery in the BMS carpark.
- Brendan: Thanks Jaimyn for helping pack-down NoiseNet's desk before the wedding.
- Brendan & Jaimyn: Thanks Adam for setting NoiseNet's desk back up after the wedding.
- Jedd: Thanks Brendan for helping with the infrastructure even while planning for his wedding.
- Jedd: Thanks Zac for getting to the woodshop to its current state.
- Jedd: Thanks to Jaimyn for helping fix the little issues with the CNC machine

### 15. Issues raised without notice

N/A

### Action Items

- [ ] Jaimyn to amend safety policy to include language that prohibits members from blocking access to machines.

Meeting adjourned at 8:45 pm.