---
title: 20th General Meeting - 2nd June 2025
description: 
published: true
date: 2026-06-11T02:10:27.466Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-06-02T09:50:12.728Z
---

# 20th General Meeting - 2nd June 2025
## Summary

**Date:** 02/06/2025
**Time:** 8:03pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Jaimyn Mayer
- Brendan Halliday
- Garry Giomarelli
- Adam Jacobus
- Emily Taylor
- Jacob Reichert

### Visitors

- 

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

**Motion: The minutes of the 19th General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s Report

- Slight dip in longer term membership, stable but moving down generally
- Still have a health economy of spacebucks, keeping an eye on our liabilities

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- Rent payment this month included power, but only for downstairs.
- This month we were able to cover rent without personal investment
- Will need to increase memebers to make this sustainable

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- N/A

### 7. Head Maker’s Report

- See President's Report

**Motion: The Committee Member's reports are accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Garry Giomarelli. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 8. Public Liability Insurance Budget

- Brendan has received a quote for 1yr coverage at around $784.

**Motion: The committee establishes an annually refreshed Insurance budget of $800 to acquire and maintain $20m of coverage in public liability, and increasing yearly to whatever the renewal amount is. Motion raised by Brendan Halliday. Motion seconded by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 9. Thank Yous

- Brendan: Garry for talking on inductions and tool training
- Jaimyn: Adam for filling the vending machine last months
- Rosemary: Thank you to members for being welcoming
- Adam: Garry for taking containers from site to Containers for Change for the organisation

### 9. Issues Without Notice

- Adam: Adjustment of General Meeting Frequency
    - Can we adjust our calendar to have general meetings monthly instead of biweekly?
    - Committee is very amenable, change has been made.
- 

Meeting adjourned at 8:22 pm.