---
title: 19th General Meeting - 19th May 2025
description: 
published: true
date: 2025-05-19T10:45:29.178Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-05-19T09:46:57.210Z
---

# 19th General Meeting - 19th May 2025
## Summary
**Date:** 19/05/2025 
**Time:** 08:05pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Emily Taylor
- Brendan Halliday
- Garry Giomarelli
- Jaimyn Mayer
- Adam Jacobus
- Scott Wilson

### Visitors

- 

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous minutes were loast, but nothing of importance was discussed


### 4. President’s Report

- Member stats: normal ebb and flow of members.
- Trip of Taiwan students to do a field excursion next month to the Makerspace

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- Similar to last meeting
- Electricity set to rise due to corrected billing
- Received a DGR donation

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- Nothing to report

### 7. Head Maker’s Report

**Motion: The Committee Reports are accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 8. Reimbursement for Bambu P1S 3D printer

- Jaimyn requests a reimbursement of $1,319 for the purchase of our new 3D printer. ($1,519-$200 a member sent me directly)

- Thanks to some generous donations the cost of this was entirely covered and this motion is mostly a formality for the reimbursement and won’t incur an out of pocket expense for BMS.

**Motion: Jaimyn to be reimbursed $1,319 for the purchase of the Bambu P1S 3D printer. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Y. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 9. Updates to shoe requirement in Safety policy

- Jaimyn proposes that we update Section 1 and 2 under the Clothing and PPE policy as follows:

    > 1. Shoes are required to be worn at all times while on site.
    > 2. Closed in shoes are required to be worn when working in the basement area, operating red tools, handheld power tools, or using heavy hand tools.

**Motion: The Safety policy is updated to include the discussed changes to Items 1 and 2 of Section 6 (Clothing and PPE). Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 10. Updates to approved items in Storage policy

- Jaimyn proposes that we update the storage policy to add a section to prohibit the storage of food on site as follows:
    > Members are not permitted to leave food on site except for items stored in the refrigerator on a temporary basis, unless permission is granted from the committee. Members should leave all food scraps in the large main bin or take it directly out to the wheelie bins.

**Motion: The Storage policy is updated to include the discussed addition to Section 1. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 11. Proposal for Woodshop purchases

**Motion: Approve a $150 budget for a new bandsaw. Motion raised by Garry Giomarelli. Motion seconded by Adam Jacobus. Motion carried by consensus.

**Motion: Approve a $276 budget for two wall mounted fans. Motion raised by Garry Giomarelli. Motion seconded Emily Taylor. Motion carried by consensus.

### 12. Issues without notice

- Fire safety inspection
  - Good to know if we intend to gain full access to the rear stairway exit (by getting fire services to inspect the premise if we have to)
    - Previous attempts to encourage the property owner to give us access have fallen on deaf ears.
    - We may be able to leverage the fire inspector to force access.
  - If we want to test whether smoke alarms are suitable for the space (because we should mitigate risks for members if it makes sense to do so)
    - Battery operated smoke alarms don't fit the usage and requirements of the space.
    - Network connected alarms can help alert people off-site to potential smoke and fire. However, they are expensive.
  - If we plan to talk to other tenants about fire safety (because they are just as likely to be the point of failure in communication and likely cause of any incidents)

### 13. Gratitude

- Emily: Thank you Garry for putting together the resin printer area.
- Adam: Thank you Adam for buying 9V batteries to replace the existing dead ones.
- Emily: Thanks to Brendan for helping to improve the vending machine.

Meeting adjourned at 8:38 pm.