---
title: 1st Annual General Meeting - 17th Nov 2025
description: 
published: true
date: 2026-06-11T02:10:31.479Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-11-17T09:54:45.493Z
---

# 1st Annual General Meeting - 17th Nov 2025
## Summary
**Date:** 17/11/2025 
**Time:** 8:10pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Jaimyn Mayer
- Brendan Halliday
- Adam Jacobus
- Emily Taylor
- Avalon Burrows
- Anna Kucharski
- Sam Delamoir
- Garry Giomarelli
- Timothy Chew

### Visitors

N/A

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

**Motion: The minutes of the 21st General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Brendan Halliday. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 4. President's and Head Maker's Report

- Last year we incorporated, this year has been a lot of ups and downs.
- Taken a step back to allow the community to take more responsibilities that would normally be the head maker's job.
- Committee has been focused on maintainence of the organisation, but not growing it.
- Membership trends for the year
	- Total memberships is between 55-65
	- \>6 month membership is around 43-49
  - \>12 month membership is around 34-39
- About $12,000 spacebucks in circulation
- Future of the space
  - Jaimyn has been supporting the organization finacially using personal funds, but cannot continue doing so past the 31st March 2026.
  - We can break even if we can bring 20 more members.
	- The imminent activation of the woodshop should help bring in more members and revenue.
	- Jaimyn is organising a t-shirt and sticker run to raise funds.
	- Bunning's Sausage Sizzle can bring in a lot of fundraising revenue.
	- Discuss whether we support opportunities for one-off project support for non-members.

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- [2025 Finanical Report](/admin/bms_agm_2025_treasurers_report.pdf)

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- ACNC is requesting our Annual Information Statement, as is it currently overdue. I will complete this as my last duty as secretary.
- I applied for a fundraising license from the Office of Fair Trading, and received the certificate of registration. All documents have been uploaded to the shared drive.

**Motion: The Committee Member Reports are accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 7. Vote Eligibility of the Meeting Attendees

**Motion: The meeting accepts that all current attendees are considered eligible to vote for committee members. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer, Motion seconded by Garry Giomarelli. Motion carried by consensus**

### 8. Appointment of Returning Officer

**Motion: Appoint Adam Jacobus as the returning officer to conduct the election of the new committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Seconded by Sam Delamoir. Motion carried by consensus.**

### 9. Dissolution of the current committee

**Motion: The current committee is dissolved to allow for the election of new committee members. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Timothy Chew. Motion carried by consensus.**

Adam thanks everyone on the committe and everyone who has worked with the committee for their support.

### 10. Election of new committee members

**Motion: Adam Jacobus is elected to the returning officer to perform the duties of conducting the election of new committee members. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Emily Taylor. Motion carried with consensus.**

**President and Head Maker**
Nominations:
- Jaimyn
  - seconded by Timothy Chew, thirded by Gary G.

Jaimyn is elected to the role of President and Head Maker.

**Treasurer**
Nominations: Brendan Hallidaym seconded by Garry Giomarelli, Avalon Burrows thirded.
Anna K nominated to be skilled up as co-treasurer. Brendan seconded, Timothy Chew thirded.
Nomination passed by consensus

**Secretary**
Nominations: Timothy Chew, seconded by Brendan Halliday, thirded by Jaimyn Mayer.
Nomination passed by consensus

**Social Media Officer**
Nominations: Avalon Burrows, seconded by Brendan Halliday, thirded by Timothy Chew.
Nomination passed by consensus

**Fundraising Officer**
Nominations: Steph Lakes, Gary G seconded, Emily Taylor thirded
This position has not been confirmed as Steph was not able to be in attendance. The committee will confirm at a later date. 

Jaimyn proposed that the position be created but left vacant for the committe to fill. Anna K seconded, Timothy thirded. 
Motion carried by consensus.

### 11. Changes to the membership classes

- Membership classes are currently setup in a way that makes understanding who is eligible to vote confusing.
- Renaming the membership classes
	- Standard Member to New Member
	- Voting Member to Standard Member
	- Lifetime Member to Honorary Member
- Standard Member includes a clause.
	- New Members automatically transfers to this class (Standard Member) of membership if their current membership has been held for at least 3 continuous months.
- Voting Members (now called Standard Members) and Lifetime Members (now called Honorary Members) are eligble to vote at general meetings

**Special Resolution: The aforementioned changes to the Brisbane Makerspace Constitution are accepted. Resolution raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Resolution seconded by Timothy Chew. Resolution carried with consensus (100% For).**

Meeting adjourned at 9:44 pm.