---
title: 24th General Meeting - 16 Feb 2026
description: 
published: false
date: 2026-06-11T02:10:37.617Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2026-02-11T03:09:40.386Z
---

# 24rd General Meeting - 16th Jan 2026
## Summary
**Date:** 16/02/2026
**Time:** 8pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** TBA
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

### Visitors

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### Incidents

#### [Printer 3 AMS Jammed by TPU](https://discord.com/channels/886246836690640937/888778534301089873/1470388059722879079)

#### Printer 1 Nozzle

* Bredan has purchased a new nozzle and decided to donate it to the space.
* Someone used the wrong filament settings(?) - Note: not actually sure of the actual cause -Tim

#### PSA

> All members, please report when something is broken or isn't functioning as expected, please.

* Tim: We won't punish you if you report your mistake, it is so that we can all learn from it. 

### Thank Yous

> Anyone that members would like to thanks for their contributions to the space recently.

### 8. Any other matters?

> Matters to bring up immediately or next meeting?

----

Meeting adjourned at xx:xx pm by xxxxxxxxxxxx.