---
title: 25th General Meeting - 29 June
description: 
published: true
date: 2026-06-29T10:04:58.406Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2026-06-29T10:04:58.406Z
---

# 25th General Meeting - 29th June 2026
## Summary
**Date:** 29/06/2026
**Time:** 8pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Timothy Chew
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members
* Stephanie Meyer (Treasurer)
* Rosemary Milton
* Timothy Chew (Secretary)
* Avalone (Avi) Burrows (Social Media Officer)
* Adam Jacobus (Head Maker)
* Swoyam Bhattarai
* Jaymin Mayer (President)

### Guests
* Nikita Jefremov (new member)
* Morgan Brackish (not a member)

## Agenda

Opened at ___

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Acknowledgement of previous Meeting Minutes

* Raised by Jaymin, seconded by Timothy

### 4. [Formal Offer of $37k/pa for 35 Balaclava Street, Woolloongabba](https://forum.brisbanemaker.space/t/general-meeting-29-june-2026/338)

**Jaymin raises a motion that the membership endorses the committee’s recommendation to proceed with signing a 2 year lease at $37k/yr (approx. $50k/yr inc. gst/outgoings) at Balaclava St.**


**Jaymin raises a motion to endorse the current plan to seek a line of credit up to $20k from a small group of members (who wish to remain anonymous) at or below market rates for the purpose of paying our moving costs. This includes initial 2 months rent, 3 months rent required as a security deposit, and to purchase materials for building in the wood/metal shop area. To note: we’ll receive $5k back after vacating Wickham St and won’t have to pay rent for the first 2 months which will immediately be paid towards the balance. This is to be accompanied by an extensive fundraising plan that will be announced shortly with an aim to pay this back within 6-12 months.**

Meeting closed by Jaymin at ______