---
title: 24th General Meeting - 16 March 2026
description: 
published: true
date: 2026-06-11T02:10:39.857Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2026-03-09T10:47:34.379Z
---

# 24th General Meeting - 16th March 2026
## Summary
**Date:** 16/03/2026
**Time:** 8pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Timothy Chew
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members
* Avalon Burrows
* Timothy Chew
* Steph Lakes
* Adam Jacobus
* Jaimyn Mayer
* David McCullagh
* Garry Giomarelli
* Scott Wilson

## Agenda

Opened at 8:08pm

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Acknowledgement of previous Meeting Minutes

* Raised by Jaymin, seconded by Timothy

### 4. Jaymin: [Raise the price of membership](https://forum.brisbanemaker.space/t/proposal-to-raise-membership-prices-for-new-members/324/1)

* Jaymin: Previous raisevwas in 2024.
* Jaymin: The raise 
* Scott: We should increase our prices yearly; following the financial year.
* Scott: Members should be given the ability to go to the higher price for 
* Jaymin: We want to do it odd years (every two years or three) because increasing every year results in "weird" numbers.

Motion: Raise prices for all membership classes for ALL new members

> Maker Lite (non-commercial)
> Fee (concession): n/a
> Fee: $45/mth → $49/mth
> 
> Maker Plus (limited-commercial)
> Fee (concession): $39/mth → $42/mth
> Fee: $65/mth → $70/mth
>
> All current members do not 

Raised by Jaymin, seconded by Gary

Motion passed by concensus.

Scott: Motion to allow executives of the current time to raise the prices on a yearly basis for new members as long as the reason is "to put it in line with inflation".

* To be discussed 

### 5. Timothy: [Reimbursement of monies spent for the Bunnings BBQ](https://forum.brisbanemaker.space/t/reimbursement-for-the-sausage-sizzle/321/1)

* Jaymin: Those stuff were bought and we used them all.

Raised by Timothy, seconded by Steph

Motion passed by concensus.

* Jaymin: Timothy to email treasurer@brisbanemaker.space to finalize bank details, etc.

### 6. Jaymin: [Close down the Wood Workshop](https://forum.brisbanemaker.space/t/proposal-shut-down-the-woodshop-area/325)

* Jaymin: Sorry about the due stress caused by the inflamatory post about closing the woodshop.
* Jaymin: It has done its job by making us talk about it and actually do stuff
* Timothy/Gary: We're nearly finished actually.
* Jaymin: Three years of woodshop not being completed is kinda ridiculous though.
* Jaymin: We need a fully working workgroup, with inductions and wiki pages all completed.
* Timothy: It's not so much about selling and cancelling, it's more of Jaymin would like to take his stuff back.

Motion raised by Jaymin. Motion opposed by pretty much everyone.

Motion revoked by Jaymin.

* Steph: https://forum.brisbanemaker.space/t/proposal-shut-down-the-woodshop-area/325/5

> After discussion with @jabelone and @Garry_G we’ve narrowed these requirements down to:
> 
>1. monthly meetings for all working groups - not just woodworking. (Steph to set up a recurring working group meeting event for after the social night, once a month.)
> 
>2. completed safety induction and documentation for at least one tool - say, the drill press. More ASAP, ideally 3 soon. (Steph to do, or @Pommygirl if available.)
> 
>3. Garry to run inductions until we have other experienced woodworkers available to do so.
> 
>4. a soft launch of the workshop to just experienced woodworkers initially, to help ‘debug’ inductions and documentation. Then, an announced opening to all other interested members. (Exec committee to announce once all stakeholders are happy.)
> 
>5. a tiered system of trust for working solo/unsupervised. Experienced woodworkers can do so immediately, if another experienced woodworker agrees they’re capable of safe work solo. Otherwise, a process of demonstrating competence while (initially) supervised, then less and less supervision until some threshold of hours of experience/trust in competence is gained. (Garry to oversee initially.)
> 
>6. an alternative to the buddy system for less experienced woodworkers: some way to call for help if something goes wrong. Say: falls monitoring equipment (smart watch or belt clip), an intercom, and/or regular video camera observation by someone upstairs. (Steph to research, for approval by an experienced woodworker.)
> 
>7. safety tagging for equipment. (Ask @nog3 to do/arrange?)
> 
>8. improvements to workshop power wiring so that tools aren’t daisy-chained (optional, ask @jabelone to arrange?)

* Jaymin: We should have meetings every alternating 
* Steph: I already set it up as reminders on the Discord
* Jaymin: They need to be copied to the BMS Public calendar, see wiki for how to.
* Garry: It's already operational functionally, we're just mostly missing documentation and inductions.
* Steph: There's a problem with the drill press?
* Garry: We got a new drill press lent by Sophia.

Proposal raised by Garry: We could give the old drill press to the tool library, since it's not working.

* Garry: Sophia's Drill press should just need a little servicing.
* Steph: The buddy system is not feasible because most people would be alone. We should go with a driver-license system instead.
* Steph: We will eventually need to budget for some sort of safety system as an alternative to the buddy system.
* Jaymin: We should ban the use of the bay area during Fri/Sat/Sun 8pm to 4am for safety reasons.
* Garry: There are sketchy things that happen.
* Steph: Isolate power instead of leaving it daisy chained because.
* Jaymin: I will try to get a new circuit so that we don't get power trips, especially when the CNC machine is running.
* Jaymin: The aircon and compressor running together could cause power to trip because they're on the same circuit and overheats quickly.

### 7. Timothy/Jaymin: [Fish Reimbursement for Garry](https://forum.brisbanemaker.space/t/fish-reimbursement-for-garry/322)

* Jaymin: Timothy didn't realize the fish budget included everything, and not only fish food.

### Any other info

#### Bins

* Jaymin: The Vietnamese restaurant guys always take our bins and load it with restaurant waste, and it's foul.
* Jaymin: Tell council bin is stolen because they keep stealing our bin.
* Garry: Put some message in Vietnamese to tell them not to use our bin.
* Jaymin: Stern message to them, before reporting to council, or complain to the landlord.
* Jaymin: Potential food safety complaint because there's maggots in their waste.
* Jaymin: Not malicious, they just don't care.
* Jaymin: Someone needs to come in early beforehand, because they just grab everything and do it.
* Jaymin: It's annoying.

### Thank Yous

* Steph: Garry for working on the workshop
* Steph: Jaymin for being flexible on the wood workshop
* Jaymin: Adam for quickly fixing the 3d printer

Meeting closed by Jaymin at 8:41pm