---
title: 23rd General Meeting - 26 Jan 2026
description: 
published: true
date: 2026-06-11T02:10:35.603Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2026-01-18T07:24:35.599Z
---

# 23rd General Meeting - 26th Jan 2026
## Summary
**Date:** 26/01/2026
**Time:** 8pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Timothy Chew
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members
- Timothy Chew
- David McCullagh
- Avalon Burrows
- Garry Giomarelli
- Jaimyn Mayer
- Steph Lakes
- Adam Jacobus

Quorom has been met.

### Visitors

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### Incidents

#### [Bambu A1 Power Fault](https://discord.com/channels/886246836690640937/888778814786785290/1457716433038606510)

* We removed a faulty smart plug that was causing it.
* Timothy would like to thank Bredan for fixing the webcams for all the printers

#### [Laser Printer is out of Yellow Ink, and low on Magenta and Cyan Ink](https://discord.com/channels/886246836690640937/888778814786785290/1460174023454490676) [(2)](https://discord.com/channels/886246836690640937/888778814786785290/1445330834025484343)

* Timothy bought new ink.
* Please ignore all "THIS IS COUNTERFEIT INK" and low ink messages until the printer actually prints off-color.
* Jaymin would like to request for reimbursement of the ink to Timothy Chew to the value of $293.59
	* Second: Steph
  * No decent, motion passed by concensus.
* Comments on DRM on printer ink.

#### PSA

> All members, please report when something is broken or isn't functioning as expected, please.

### 3. Fundraising Initiatives

* https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rtQyczCSQ5mFResb4mSa_WbTk4bjDqiuUSRI9lC8dDg/edit?gid=138037015#gid=138037015
* Jaymin: We ended up buying more drinks than we needed, but the rest ended going into the vending machine.
* Jaymin: There is a lot of improvement for fundraising, such as raffles, selling doodads at the place.
* Jaymin: We made about $3,000 in revenue, and spent $1,400 (we bought some stuff on the day, so it's more like $1,500).
* Jaymin: The whole event went smoothly, except for some errornous:
  * Jaymin: We had several sausages come back in the morning, but we need to get better at making sure that sausages are cooked and not raw.
* Jaymin: We may be invited back at some point (roughly in 3-5 months' time), hopefully Bunnings will let us regularly run it around 4 times a year.
	* Jaymin: As long as we remain in good books, we should be good to get more.
* Steph: Can we cheat and go around between Bunnings stores?
  * Jaymin: No, we are only allowed to run within a catchment area.
  * Jaymin: There's long waitlists so the answer is likely no, but we could try in the future.

Update by Timothy or Steph

### 4. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

* Timothy would like to motion to accept The minutes of the 1st Annual General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by X. 
  * Motion seconded by Adam. 
  * Motion passed with consensus.

### 5. Steph: [Petty Cash](https://forum.brisbanemaker.space/t/proposal-petty-cash-for-space-consumables/300) (for consumables)

* Steph: It is worthwhile to set aside some money for general spending because working groups' descretionary funds are not really used.
* Steph: Knowing about this fund is a bit difficult and having a formal process for that would be useful.
* Jaymin: Every working group has budgets that they are able to simply "give away".
* Jaymin: Us not having a process needs to be documented somewhere.
  * Typically, the way is just to ask for a reimbursement from the treasurer (email [treasurer@brisbanemaker.space](mailto:treasurer@brisbanemaker.space))
* Gary: We need to streamline it (make it easy).
* Jaymin: We need to be incredibly strict about budgets because we are a charity and are in cash negative.
  * If someone buys something stupid, they won't be reimbursed for it.
  * Somewhere else, there is a one-strike rule; we'll cover one "fuck up", but after that, you will be on your own.
  * It is good practice to have recorded agreement in a working group before buying something.
  * So that, if someone buys something, and then someone challenges it, there can be conflict.

### 6. [Job/Commission Board](https://forum.brisbanemaker.space/t/taking-on-commissions/312) / One-off project support for non-members

* Jaymin: Every now or then someone will ask for a commission request; "Hey, can someone make for me?"
  * Historically, every time we did that, commissions went very badly.
* We need to make a process.
  * We can try, but doesn't want to go "I told you so".
  * Problems happen when there is someone is not capable of doing it, and it gets passed around, and eventually it reflects poorly for us.
* Timothy: (From Drew) - We need to stress and make it very clear that the makerspace is the matchmaker and the actual relationship is between the commissionee and commissioner.
* David: I think we really need to really focus on managing expectations.
* Jaymin: Most people come to us because they don't want to pay commercial rates, they want for example a 3d print for like $30 and then skidaddle instead of paying, say a $200 quote from elsewhere.
* Jaymin: This is probably not worth, and we should just push everything to the member; it's not worth taking a finders fee.
* Steph: Push people to hobbyist Airtasker.
* Garry: Instead of blindly taking low-ball commissions, we could charge a tuition fee and basically teach them to make it themselves.
  * Jaymin: Or push them towards signing up for a membership.
  * Jaymin: If it's just someone who doesn't want to send a file away, and underpay and forget about it, we just tell them no.
* Steph: Paid hour with a mentor as a transfer of skill so that they get to their desired result.
	* Jaymin: This is literally why we have a minimum 3 month deal.
* Jaymin: We need a commission work and tutoring policy

### Thank Yous

> Anyone that members would like to thanks for their contributions to the space recently.
* Adam: Thank everyone for coming to the sausage sizzle, including those who contributed and weren't there on the day but did things behind the scenes.
  * Generally doing well
  * Best experience
  * Amazing attitude
  * Jaymin would like to thank: Brendan, Leon, Joka, Daniel, Adam, Maddy, Emily, Anna, myself (Jaymin), Avi, Swoyam, Michael, yourself (Timothy).
  * Timothy would like to add: Steph
* Timothy: Bredan for fixing the webcams on all the 3d printers not updating.
* Jaymin: Drew for fixing up the new laser compressor while Jaymin is somewhere in Southeast Asia
* Steph: Thank Gary and Riley for working on the woodworking workshop.

### 7. Woodshop Update

* Garry: We're working on getting the major tools on boxes or holdings, fans and getting wheels on major heavy tools... and setup a good woodworking table and then we're ready to go.
  * Garry is working on tool holders.
* Garry: Sophie wants to loan a drill press.
* Steph: Riley is still making on the workbench, Steph to assist him finishing it off.
  * Has a little difficulty because he has no car.
* Steph: Brendan yet to tag all the electricals, and I (Steph) safety signage and inductions.
* Avi: I can do it.
* Garry: The door is a little bit wonky, but extremely low priority and it "works".
  * Jaymin: There's a few brackets that need to be bolted to the door to make it good.
  * Jaymin: Wiring needs to be done in a way that the wires conduit back upstairs and be inaccessible so that people can't just break in if we make the door swipe.
  * Jaymin: For safety reasons our swipe system on the door must be fail open.
  * Jaymin: Anyone interested in doing that, please reach out to me (Jaymin)
* Garry: Materials on the floor is Riley's (can be assumed) or is stuff for the woodshop itself.
* Timothy: Everything floating about has already been red ticketed.
    * Most of the stuff 
* Steph: Workbench, signage, safety tagging, fans, project storage (for the woodworking space), bike wall (Jaymin's) mount, inductions, tool holders
* Garry: We're missing a few tools, but we'll handle that later.

### 8. Any other matters?

* Jaymin: So, can the woodworking group please have a meeting now?

#### Adam

* We need to do a proper debrief later about the sausage sizzle
  * Ask volunteers to write any notes if they thought anything needs to improve, etc.
  * This is a opportunity to properly get copy and advertising for the makerspace, like an FAQ or factsheet like "what is a makerspace?".
  * We could have displays or things to be sold made with the various groups; 3d printing, laser cutter or woodworking workshop (when that opens)
  * Some of us could bring the things we made to show off the makerspace to promote it.
  * Garry: Posters, postcards and pamflets for universities or the sausage sizzle
  * Adam: Standees
  * Avi: We need a proper "ORDER HERE" sign
    * Adam: We could have a flashy sign and some people are still going to fail at finding the "order here" table.

Meeting adjourned at 9:12 pm by Jaymin.